Instruction,Response
What was the date of the meeting ?,"22nd January , 2022"
"Who chaired the HOD meeting held on January 22, 2022, at SMIT?","Prof. (Dr.) GL Sharma, Director SMIT"
What was the purpose of the HOD meeting?,"To discuss various matters related to the improvement of SMIT's rankings and accreditation, as well as to address administrative and academic issues"
What action was suggested by the Director to improve SMIT's position in rankings and accreditation?,Faculties should start publishing in SCI and Scopus journals in addition to conference papers.
How did the Additional Registrar plan to facilitate SMIT's advancement in NIRF ranking?,By requesting all HODs to provide data for the rankings in the correct format and within the stipulated time.
What decision was made regarding the continuation of the teacher guardian scheme for 1st-year students?,"The current teacher guardian scheme was to be continued for 1st-year students up to July 2022, and department-wise student lists of B.Tech 1st-year students would be shared to initiate the mentor-mentee scheme."
What action was assigned to teacher guardians regarding fee defaulters?,"Teacher guardians were instructed to follow up with fee defaulters, and results of defaulters were to be withheld until fees were cleared."
What committee was proposed to finalize the format for microanalysis of in-semester examinations?,"A committee was proposed to be formulated for the finalization of the format for microanalysis of in-semester examinations, with the action assigned to the Additional Director (Academics)."
How did the meeting propose to implement one-year internships for final-year students?,"Departments desiring to implement one-year internships for final-year students from the 2019 Batch were advised to select MOOC courses for 7 semester subjects, and proposals were to be forwarded through departmental BOS for senate approval."
What changes were suggested regarding the maintenance of teacher diaries?,"Teacher diaries for the semester were to be maintained in soft copy, with only lesson plans prepared in hard copy and signatures of CRs taken, later merged with the soft copy in PDF format."
What directive was given regarding the standard of question papers for examinations?,"The DCE(T) would share the question paper pattern, and the standard of question papers was to be maintained to ensure a certain level of difficulty to improve students' technical knowledge."
Who presented the review of the last HOD meeting,Mr. Ishwer Shivakoti presented the review of the last HOD meeting.
What topics were discussed regarding the summer/winter internship,The list of summer/winter internship has been prepared and submitted to the university. The Director reiterated the house about the credit transfer for summer/winter internships.
What action was taken regarding the academic calendar?,The Academic Calendar was prepared and submitted to the university
What proposal was made regarding scholarships,A proposal for scholarships has been prepared
What was discussed about the revision of petty cash,"A proposal for the revision of petty cash has been prepared, and it will be sent to the university."
What was requested regarding the University Monthly Co-ordination Meeting,"All HODs are requested to provide a PowerPoint presentation on thematic issues like NEP, Research, etc., with the final proposal to be submitted to the Director's office by January 15, 2022."
What was the purpose of forming a class committee,The purpose of forming a class committee is to review and improve the teaching-learning process. An office order for the same has been circulated.
What action was taken regarding the formation of a class committee,The committee should submit the Minutes of Meeting to the office of the undersigned and the office of Quality control as per the Academic Calendar. The action is to be taken by the Chairperson of the Class Committee
What was discussed about the formation of a committee for policy documents,"A committee for policy documents is to be formed for the creation of faculty and the reorganization of departments. HODs were requested to voluntarily provide names for the committee; otherwise, it will be nominated."
"What action was requested regarding strategies, objectives, and KRAs","The Director requested all HODs to submit strategies, objectives, and KRAs by December 1, 2022."
Who presented the agenda points for the 62nd ASM,Mr. Ishwer Shivakoti presented the agenda points for the 62nd ASM for discussion.
"Who chaired the HOD Meeting on October 29, 2022","Prof. (Dr.) Gurdaman Lal Sharma, Director, SMIT, chaired the meeting."
What action was assigned to Dr. Saumya Das,Dr. Saumya Das was assigned the action of sharing an excel sheet of COs and POs attainment matrix.
What is the focus of the Scholarship Committee,The Scholarship Committee will mainly focus on core branches
When should the agenda points for the University Committee Meeting be forwarded to the office of the Director,The agenda points should be forwarded to the office of the Director by the 1st of every month
Who proposed a new method of result analysis based on COs and POs attainment matrix,"Dr. Saumya Das, Assistant Professor, Department of IT, proposed the new method."
What action was assigned to the Assistant Manager Finance,The Assistant Manager Finance was assigned the action of preparing the budget for the next financial year 2023-24 and submitting it to the office of Finance.
What is the request made to all HODs and HOOs regarding the SMU Calendar,All HODs and HOOs are requested to forward event photographs for the SMU calendar to the Administrative Office.
"Who are assigned the action for preparing the calendar for Academic, Research, and Extracurricular Activities",All Associate Directors are assigned the action for preparing the calendar.
What is the focus of the discussion on the Credit Transfer Policy for MOOC Courses,"The focus is on the NPTEL Credit transfer policy, with a request for suggestions from all HODs regarding the proposal put up by HOD CSE."
What is the purpose of forwarding agenda points for University Committee Meetings,The purpose is to ensure that agenda points from the department are forwarded to the office of the Director for consideration in the University Committee Meeting
"Who are the members present at the HOD Meeting conducted on October 29, 2022","The members present at the meeting include various professors and heads of departments such as Prof. (Dr.) Sangeeta Jha, Prof. (Dr.) A.P Tiwary, Prof. (Dr.) Udit Chakrabarty, Prof. (Dr.) RN Bera, Prof. (Dr.) Anjan Raychaudhuri, Prof. (Dr.) Sourav Dhar, Prof. (Dr.) Samarjeet Borah, Prof. (Dr.) G.C. Mishra, Prof. (Dr.) N.K. Bhattacharya, Prof. (Dr.) C.S. Bhuyian, Prof. (Dr.) Ruben Phipon, Prof. (Dr.) Bedanta Borah, Prof. (Dr.) Udayan Baruah, Mr. Nasir Ansari, Dr. Ramu T, DCE, Dr. Biswaraj Sen, Dr. Jitendra Kumar, Dr. Manish Roy, Dr. Archit Yajnik, Dr. Saumya Das, and Mr. Ishwer Shivakoti."
What was the date of the meeting and its time,"The meeting was conducted on October 29, 2022, at 2:30 PM."
What is the instruction given regarding the SMU Calendar,All HODs and HOOs are instructed to forward event photographs for the SMU calendar to the Administrative Office.
Who is responsible for convening the Scholarship Committee,"The Scholarship Committee will be convened shortly, but the responsibility for this task is not explicitly assigned in the provided text."
What financial year's budget was instructed to be prepared,The budget for the next financial year 2023-24 was instructed to be prepared.
What department proposed a new method of result analysis,The Department of IT proposed the new method of result analysis based on COs and POs attainment matrix
What departments are expected to provide suggestions on the Credit Transfer Policy for MOOC Courses,All HODs are requested to provide suggestions on the proposal put up by HOD CSE regarding the Credit Transfer Policy for MOOC Courses
Who is responsible for preparing the budget for the next financial year,The responsibility for preparing the budget for the next financial year 2023-24 falls on the Assistant Manager Finance
What is the primary focus of the Credit Transfer Policy for MOOC Courses,The primary focus of the Credit Transfer Policy for MOOC Courses is to discuss NPTEL Credit transfer policy and gather suggestions from HODs regarding the proposal
What action is assigned to all Associate Directors regarding the calendar,"All Associate Directors are assigned the action of preparing the calendar for Academic, Research, and Extracurricular Activities"
Who is tasked with forwarding agenda points for University Committee Meetings,The agenda points from the department for University Committee Meetings should be forwarded to the office of the Director by the 1st of every month.
What specific event photographs are requested for the SMU calendar,All HODs and HOOs are requested to forward event photographs for the SMU calendar to the Administrative Office
"Who chaired the HOD Meeting held on June 18, 2022 and at what time",The Director of SMIT chaired the meeting at 10:00 AM.
Which departments were requested to start preparing for NBA Accreditation,The departments of CE (Civil Engineering) and Management Studies were requested to start preparing for NBA Accreditation.
What action was suggested by the Director regarding budget reduction,The Director suggested reducing the budget by 10% in items that are not significantly significant.
Who was tasked with preparing for NBA Accreditation of the Civil and Management Studies departments,"The HOD of CE, HOD of Management Studies, and the Head of IQAC were tasked with this responsibility"
What was the deadline set for reviewing the NEP handbook,"The deadline for reviewing the NEP handbook was set for June 24, 2022."
Who was responsible for submitting details of senior faculty members acting as mentors,All HODs were responsible for submitting details of senior faculty members acting as mentors.
What was the proposed limit for online learning courses through SWAYAM platform,The proposed limit was up to 40% of the total courses being offered in a particular program in a semester
When were the proposed dates for NAAC visit mentioned,"The proposed dates for NAAC visit were 17th - 19th August 2022, 6th - 8th September 2022, and 22nd - 24th September 2022."
Who was requested to prepare PowerPoint presentations for the NAAC visit,"All Associate Directors, HODs, HOOs, and Coordinators were requested to prepare PowerPoint presentations for the NAAC visit."
What was the purpose of the TMA PAI progress presentation,The purpose was to highlight the progress of TMA PAI (Technology Management Associates - Project Approval and Implementation)
Who will visit the university to check NAAC preparedness,A joint expert from MAHE and MUS will visit the university.
What action was advised by the Director regarding lab experiments for NAAC preparedness,"The Director advised that lab experiments should be conducted by faculty members and not by junior engineers, except in workshops."
Who was responsible for sensitizing faculty members about NAAC objectives and best practices,The HODs were responsible for sensitizing faculty members about NAAC objectives and best practices
What was suggested to be displayed at prominent places for NAAC visit,"Objectives, organizational charts, and other relevant information were suggested to be displayed at prominent places."
Who was tasked with updating faculty profiles on the website,The HODs were tasked with updating faculty profiles on the website.
What action was suggested regarding recent papers on the website,Faculty members were advised to add their VIDWAN and Scopus IDs to their profiles on the website.
When was the visit for NAAC preparedness scheduled to start,The visit for NAAC preparedness was scheduled to start from the next week by 25th of june 2022.
Which department's budget was suggested to be presented differently,The budget on proposed courses/centers of excellence was suggested to be presented differently compared to the normal operational budget.
Who was responsible for implementing the Credit framework for online learning courses,The responsibility for implementing the Credit framework for online learning courses was highlighted by AD(A).
What was the suggestion regarding lab experiments during NAAC preparedness,"Lab experiments should be conducted by faculty members, not by junior engineers, except in workshops."
What action was requested regarding faculty profiles on the website,HODs were requested to monitor the updating of faculty profiles on a weekly basis
What was the proposed limit for online courses through SWAYAM platform,Institutes could allow up to 40% of the total courses being offered in a particular program in a semester through the SWAYAM platform.
What was the suggestion regarding faculty profiles' update on the website,"Faculty members were advised to update their profiles on the website, including recent papers post 2018 and their VIDWAN and Scopus IDs."
What action was recommended for faculty members in preparation for the NAAC visit,"Faculty members were requested to sensitize about NAAC objectives, best practices, and SWOC analysis, and to prepare their personal files for the visit"
"Who chaired the HOD meeting held on January 22, 2022","The HOD meeting was chaired by Prof. (Dr.) G.L. Sharma, the Director of SMIT."
"What was the time of the HOD meeting on January 22, 2022",The meeting was held at 11:30 AM
What action was suggested by the Director regarding faculty publications,The Director suggested that faculties should start publishing in SCI and Scopus journals in addition to conference papers.
Who was tasked with providing data for improving SMIT's position in NIRF ranking,All HODs were tasked with providing data for improving SMIT's position in NIRF ranking.
when was the current teacher guardian scheme proposed to be continued for 1st-year students,The current teacher guardian scheme was proposed to be continued for 1st-year students up to July 2022
What action was recommended regarding fees defaulters,"Teacher guardians were recommended to follow up with fees defaulters, and the results of defaulters were proposed to be withheld until fees are cleared."
What committee was suggested to be formulated for finalizing the format for microanalysis of in-semester examinations,A committee was suggested to be formulated for finalizing the format for microanalysis of in-semester examinations.
What proposal was made regarding internship for final year students,"Departments desiring to implement a one-year internship for final year students (2019 Batch) from the upcoming odd semester 2022 can select MOOC courses for 7-semester subjects, and the proposal for the same was recommended to be forwarded through departmental BOS for senate approval."
How were teacher diaries proposed to be maintained for the semester,"Teacher diaries for the semester were proposed to be maintained in soft copy, with only lesson plans prepared in hard copy and later merged with the soft copy in PDF format after obtaining signatures of CRs."
Who was tasked with sharing the question paper pattern,The DCE(T) was tasked with sharing the question paper pattern.
What was emphasized regarding the standard of question papers,It was emphasized that the standard of question papers should be maintained to ensure some level of difficulty to improve students' technical knowledge.
What was requested regarding semester-wise load calculation,Semester-wise load calculation was requested to be done as per the circulated format.
What invitation was extended to all HODs by the Director,All HODs were invited to discuss any matter requiring further consultation with the Director in person
What departments were represented by Prof. (Dr.) G.C. Mishra and Prof. (Dr.) Nayan Kamal Bhattacharyya,"Prof. (Dr.) G.C. Mishra represented the Department of Physics, and Prof. (Dr.) Nayan Kamal Bhattacharyya represented the Department of Chemistry."
Who was assigned as the HOD of the Math department in charge,Prof. (Dr.) Pankaj Chettri was assigned as the HOD of the Math department in charge
What was the suggested action regarding the teacher guardian scheme,"The teacher guardian scheme was suggested to be continued for 1st-year students until July 2022, and the department-wise student list of B.Tech 1st-year students was recommended to be shared with all HODs to initiate the mentor-mentee scheme"
What was the purpose of withholding results of defaulters,The purpose of withholding results of defaulters was until fees are cleared.
What format was recommended for maintaining teacher diaries,"Teacher diaries were recommended to be maintained in soft copy, with only lesson plans prepared in hard copy and later merged with the soft copy in PDF format."
Who was responsible for finalizing the format for microanalysis of in-semester examinations,AD(A) was responsible for finalizing the format for microanalysis of in-semester examinations
What proposal was made regarding internship for final year students,"Departments desiring to implement a one-year internship for final year students (2019 Batch) from the upcoming odd semester 2022 can select MOOC courses for 7-semester subjects, and the proposal for the same was recommended to be forwarded through departmental BOS for senate approval."
What action was recommended regarding teacher diaries for the semester,"Teacher diaries for the semester were recommended to be maintained in soft copy, with only lesson plans prepared in hard copy and later merged with the soft copy in PDF format after obtaining signatures of CRs."
What was emphasized regarding the standard of question papers,It was emphasized that the standard of question papers should be maintained to ensure some level of difficulty to improve students' technical knowledge.
What invitation was extended to all HODs by the Director,All HODs were invited to discuss any matter requiring further consultation with the Director in person.
What was the suggested action regarding the teacher guardian scheme,"The teacher guardian scheme was suggested to be continued for 1st-year students until July 2022, and the department-wise student list of B.Tech 1st-year students was recommended to be shared with all HODs to initiate the mentor-mentee scheme."
who were the members present at the meeting,"Prof. (Dr.) Sangeeta Jha, Assoc. Director (A), Prof. (Dr.) Kalpana Sharma, Assoc. Director (R & D), Prof. (Dr.) R.N. Bera, HOD, Dept of Al & DS, Prof. (Dr.) G.C. Mishra, HOD, Dept of Physics, Prof. (Dr.) Nayan Kamal Bhattacharyya, HOD Chemistry, Prof. (Dr.) Samarjeet Borah, HOD CA, Prof. (Dr.) Pankaj Chettri, HOD Math i/c, Addl. Registrar, Prof. (Dr.) C. Bhuyian, HOD CE, Prof. (Dr.) Ruben Phipon, HOD ME, Mr. Mohammed Nasir Ansari, HOD, Dept of EEE, Dr. T. Ramu, DCE (T), Dr. Bhaskar Bhuyia, HOD IT ic, Dr. Somenath Chatterjee, HOD CMSNT, Prof. Dr. S. Dhar, HOD, ECE, Dr. Biswaraj Sen, Head TPIL, Dr. Neeta D. Sharma, HOD i/c Mgmt Dept., Dr. Amrita Biswas, Dy. Registrar (Admin)"
what actions were taken to all TGs,A committee to be formulated for finalization of the format for microanalysis of the in-semester examinations. Post finalization the format  to be shared with all departments
"Who chaired the HOD meeting held on September 24, 2022","Prof. (Dr.) Gurdaman Lal Sharma, Director of SMIT, chaired the meeting."
What was the main concern raised by the Director regarding Convocation 2022,The Director raised concern about the low number of student registrations for Convocation 2022 and requested HODs to motivate their students to attend the convocation.
What modification was made to the first-year academic calendar,"The last working day of the first semester was moved to December 23, 2022, and the second semester was rescheduled to begin on January 16, 2023, to bridge the gap between the first years and higher semesters."
How did the Director propose to ensure a two-month break for students after each semester,The Director proposed either having two papers each day during sessional exams or having one paper in the first half each day and tutorial classes in the second half to ensure increased contact hours and a semester completion in 4 months.
When is the Students Induction Program scheduled to begin,"The Students Induction Program is scheduled to begin from October 10, and regular classes will be conducted in the first half (9:00 AM to 1:00 PM), while the Induction program will be conducted in the second half (2:00 PM onwards)."
How does the Director suggest structuring student engagement in extracurricular activities?," The Director suggests dividing students into groups based on their sections to ensure structured engagement in extracurricular activities, and faculty from various departments should also be grouped to be present on a rotation basis during various Institute events"
What proposal was made regarding internship programs for students within the Manipal group Institutes,"It was suggested that students can go for internship programs within Manipal group Institutes and earn credits for the same, which they can use as part of their regular curriculum, possibly omitting a Program Elective or an Open Elective paper depending on the type of internship they did."
Which departments were asked to provide names of faculty members for potential shifting to other departments,ME and ECE departments were asked to provide names of faculty members for potential shifting to other departments.
What feasibility was discussed regarding Hostel 3,The feasibility of converting Hostel 3 to living accommodation for faculty was discussed.
What possibility was discussed regarding Hostel accommodation for HSS students,The possibility of providing Hostel accommodation for HSS students at SMIT and the possibility of shifting HSS to SMIT was discussed.
How does the Director suggest structuring student engagement in extracurricular activities,"The Director suggests dividing students into groups based on their sections to ensure structured engagement in extracurricular activities, and faculty from various departments should also be grouped to be present on a rotation basis during various Institute events."
What action was requested from all HODs regarding Convocation 2022,"All HODs were requested to motivate their students to attend Convocation 2022, which was being conducted in offline mode after two years."
What was the proposed action regarding the start of new semesters in January and August,The Director proposed that the new semester can start from the first Monday of January and August every year.
What action was suggested to ensure timely completion of syllabus during the Students Induction Program,The missed lab classes during the Students Induction Program were suggested to be rescheduled to ensure timely completion of the syllabus.
What request was made regarding faculty accommodation during the HOD meeting,The feasibility of converting Hostel 3 to living accommodation for faculty was discussed during the meeting.
